welcome to the mana freak apps this is
His Dark Materials episode 2 Lyra is in
London the big city with her new best
friend mrs. Coulter she's got an awesome
apartment I kind of love the style of
the show cuz I don't know what year it
is so life is looking good for Lyra
except of course her best friend Roger
was gobbled up by the gobblers he runs
into the Egyptian kid Billy Costa and
yeah we don't know why these kids are
being held mrs. Coulter takes Lara to
the Arctic Institute which has all the
cool Explorer northern stuff that Liar
is super into it's like hey girl you
could be just as cool as me but you
gotta let me mold you Solari gets a
sweet haircut and a pretty dress and
stuff mrs. Coulter seems real nice but
also definitely seems a little creepy
sometimes she just stares off into the
bathtub and/or says things like this
I've never been sure about them Heights
I could never get away from the
occasional urge to jump and when Lyra
mentions dust to show how smart she is
mrs. Coulter tenses up pretty seriously
one night Lyra hears something moving
around so she follows the sound to mrs.
Coulter study where she finds her golden
monkey demon all by himself
yeah mrs. Coulter's down at the other
end of the hallway apparently it's not
possible to be that far away from your
demon mrs. Coulter plays it down though
like no no I think you miss saw things
more mysteries upon mysteries now the
Egyptians have made it to London hunting
the gobblers looking for their kids they
raid a building but we're just too late
looks like the kids were just moved
Mecosta is still sad that her son's
missing and she cries now sexy cool
Magisterium guy is scoping out Jordan
College his name's Lord boreal and he's
got a big snake Damon he's here to check
out the head that Lord has real prop
back last episode see if it really is
this professor druman he finds the most
recent skull which has a hole in its
head and he's like now I don't think
this was him so Lord boreal goes to an
abandoned greenhouse place where there's
some weird rip in space-time that he
steps on through yeah we're travelling
to other worlds and the worldly travels
too looks a lot like ours apparently
he's a world traveler he's got a car
parks here with some old parking tickets
and a cellphone ready to go this means
by the way that the Magisterium knows
all about multiple worlds and like where
the windows are he meets up with some
contact who he wants to track down
professor crewmen assuming he's in this
world now cuz he travelled through the
one at the big guy North Pole another
night Magisterium dude pays a visit to
mrs. Coulter
his name's father MacPhail and he's all
talking about the general oblation board
that she's in charge of he brings
another creepy priest with them who's
got a beetle demon gross
Lyra tries to eavesdrop at the door and
long story short this sets off a big
fight between them where miss Poulter
six her monkey on pan yeah I guess if
your demons all grabbed it like brings
Lyra to the ground till this is super
awkward it's kind of like child abuse
you know mrs. Coulter's not laying a
hand on her herself but her monkeys
smacking pan around Liars all like my
uncle Lord Asriel will save me and mrs.
Coulter dropped the truth bomb on her
Lord Asriel is not her uncle he's her
father what a deadbeat dad drops his kid
off at a college to be raised as an
orphan no there's definitely a lot more
to the story like how mrs. Coulter knows
he's her father anyway guy returns to
her golden compass the Alethea murder
for help but she still has no idea how
to use it she's just like hey Siri what
should I do
although at the very end while she's not
looking the hand starts to move so the
next day when mrs. Coulter leaves the
house Lyra goes a snoopin climbing
through the monkey vents to get into her
locked study Pyrrha finds out that mrs.
Coulter is in charge of the general
oblation board and they're doing
something in the North it's unclear
exactly what it is but clearly humans
and demons they're separating them or
something later at mrs. Coulter's party
some nice young woman pulls Lyra aside
turns out she's a reporter and she drops
a truth bomb on Lyra the general
oblation board gob fell gobblers yeah
mrs. Coulter who promised she was gonna
help Lyra find Roger is the one who had
him kidnapped she's like hey don't worry
kids you're going on an adventure she
has the right letters to their parents
that she just instantly burns I don't
know what this reporter's plan was
investigating the Magisterium at a party
full of high-ranking officials but snake
guy immediately kills her and yeah by
the way it looks like if your demon dies
you dead liar is a resourceful little
kid though she climbs on out the window
and escapes but that night she runs into
the creepy gobbler Fox demon head yeah
Lyra's gobbled up too
[Music]